/* Any JavaScript here will be loaded for all users on every page load. */
const mq = window.matchMedia("(max-width: 1105px)");

$(window).resize(function() {
	autoMenu();
});

function autoMenu() {
	if (mq.matches) {
		$('.submenu .p-navbar .navbar-nav').css({
			'flex-direction': 'column',
			'display': 'flex'
		}).hide();
		$('.menu-toggle').removeClass('hide-menu').addClass('show-menu').show();
	} else {
		$('.submenu .p-navbar .navbar-nav').css({
			'flex-direction': 'row',
			'display': 'flex'
		}).show();
		$('.menu-toggle').removeClass('show-menu').addClass('hide-menu').hide();
	}
}

$('.menu-toggle').click(function() {
	$('.submenu .p-navbar .navbar-nav').toggle();
	$('.edit-submenu-toggle').toggleClass('d-none d-block');
	$(this).toggleClass('show-menu hide-menu');
});

/**
 * Remove text from social icons.
 */
$('.social-panel a.fab').text("");

/**
 * Move TOC to the navigation panel.
 */
if ($('#toc').length) {

	// Create a new menu wrapper and place it on the menu bar.
	var tocmenu = $('<div></div>')
		.attr('id', 'tocmenu')
		.addClass('nav-item dropdown')
		.html('<a href="#" class="nav-link dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" data-boundary="viewport">Contents</a>')
		.insertAfter('.p-tb-dropdown');

	// Make TOC elements suitable for menu dropdowns.
	$('#toc li').addClass('nav-item');
	$('#toc li a').addClass('nav-link');

	var cloned = $('#toc > ul').clone();
	cloned.addClass('dropdown-menu').appendTo(tocmenu);
}

/**
 * Offset the target heading on the height of the fixed elements.
 */
! function(window) {
	'use strict';

	// Update this function so it returns the height of your fixed headers
	function fixedHeaderOffset() {
		if (mq.matches) {
			return 200;
		} else {
			return 110;
		}
	}

	// Run on first scroll (in case the user loaded a page with a hash in the url)
	window.addEventListener('scroll', onScroll);

	function onScroll() {
		window.removeEventListener('scroll', onScroll);
		scrollUpToCompensateForFixedHeader();
	}

	// Run on hash change (user clicked on anchor link)
	if ('onhashchange' in window) {
		window.addEventListener('hashchange', scrollUpToCompensateForFixedHeader);
	}

	function scrollUpToCompensateForFixedHeader() {
		var hash,
			target,
			offset;

		// Get hash, e.g. #mathematics
		hash = window.location.hash;
		if (hash.length < 2) {
			return;
		}

		// Get :target, e.g. &lt;h2 id="mathematics"&gt;...&lt;/h2&gt;
		target = document.getElementById(hash.slice(1));
		if (target === null) {
			return;
		}

		// Get distance of :target from top of viewport. If it's near zero, we assume
		// that the user was just scrolled to the :target.
		if (target.getBoundingClientRect().top < 2) {
			window.scrollBy(0, -fixedHeaderOffset());
		}
	}

}(window);

var submenu = $('.submenu').offset();
var $window = $(window);

$window.scroll(function () {
	if ($window.scrollTop() >= submenu.top) {
		$('.submenu').removeClass('').addClass('sticky');
	} else {
		$('.submenu').removeClass('sticky').addClass('');
	}
});
